

----------------------
--- Mar 24th, 2017 ---
----------------------
// GOOD PRACTICE ... when debugging one component, HIDE some output ... will only confuse you more 
// IF YOU"RE GOING TO SHOW SOME OUTPUT ... PLEASE SHOW USEFUL DEBUG OUTPUT!
	- this is such a weakness that I need to work on!
// note :: do check if your library is buggy too!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

RigidICP does not posses the issue of which boundary is correct or not … it just aligns points, based on a transformation matrix! Really, alignment doesn't seem to be a difficult problem here!

In Qixing huang's approach, the archaeological artifiact pieces Arwe
	[1] known to have ORIGINAL and FRACTURED boundaries
	[2] the FRACTURED boundaries are known to sync up
	Thus, in his approach, he can EASILY match fractured boundaries. 

In the MCF approach … I have 2 PARTIAL SCANS of an image
	[1] RigidICP is known to fail here … lack of corresponding points
	[2] Qixing huang's approach fails … what if my partial scans don't necessarily line up with fracture boundaries,, but rather, origina boundaries? I'm screwed!
	
Thus … the problem of determining a boundary, is moreso to consider the entire PARTIAL SCAN as a boundary, and then try a bunch of different alignments via GRADIENT DESCENT !
































DESCRIBING THE ALGORITHM

	Our algorithm takes in two manifold meshes in three dimensional space, that correspond to non-overlapping, partial scans of a three dimensional surface. We assume that the corresponding surfaces, for these meshes, are constructed from the user based on range image data, either through Poisson Surface Reconstruction or other methods need_citation. The main steps of our approach can be broken down into

1. solving for each partial scan boundary, which can be trivially done by looping over each edge, and discovering which edge has only one corresponding face.
2. Denoting the vertices on the boundaries as “deformable”, whereas the rest of the vertices as “rigid”. 
3. Set our initial alignemnt, represented as a transformation matrix compsoed as a rotation and translation vector, to the identity alignment ( i.e. just overlap the two images )
	4. DISCOVER an initial, interpolating surface that respects that two boundaries, by applying heat flow to the deformable vertices for a finite number of time steps
	5. APPLY mean curvature flow to this initial surface, until the surface can no longer be minimized beyond a certain threshold ? Or once a finite number of time steps has passed.  … Kazhdan, just showed it conformalizes to a sphere? But I do not know my own limit !
	6. COMPUTE an energy, a real-value scalar that is computed from a combination of surface metrics ( i.e. gradient, area, curvature ), that captures an alignment's optimality.
	7. UPDATE the alignment, via gradient descent or brute force methods. 




7.
8.
9.
10.



	wait .. can we just keep evolving an interpolating surface via MCF? At some point, this either (a) conformalizes to a spherical shape, or (b) … uh, I need to understand that it co nformalizes to a set of expected shapes … look up the cylinder-saddle shape / cylinder_to_rings example. This is fine !









i
